Add default_value under arguments (#8209)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-properties/function-arguments.md

```yml

functions:
  - name: <function name>
    arguments:
      - name: <arg name>
        data_type: <string> # warehouse-specific
        description: <markdown_string>

>         default_value: <string> # available in Snowflake and Postgres

Reviewer: Ditto about my typing comment in `function-properties.md`

>         default_value: <string | boolean | integer> # optional, available in Snowflake and Postgres

Author: Added other values that can be used

An optional markdown string describing the argument. This is helpful for documentation purposes.

### default_value

> The `default_value` is an optional property that you can use to define a default value for a function argument. If no value is provided for that argument, the warehouse uses the specified default. Setting a `default_value` makes the argument optional. This property is supported in [Snowflake](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/developer-guide/udf-stored-procedure-arguments#designating-an-argument-as-optional) and [Postgres](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/sql-createfunction.html). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the `default_value` property to make a function argument optional.
- Arguments without a `default_value` are required, and users must pass a value for them when they use the function.
- Arguments with a `default_value` are optional &mdash; if a users doesn’t pass a value, the warehouse uses the value you set in `default_value`. If a required argument isn’t passed, the function call fails. 

This property is supported in [Snowflake](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/developer-guide/udf-stored-procedure-arguments#designating-an-argument-as-optional) and [Postgres](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/sql-createfunction.html). 
```

Reviewer: I worry about the phrasing
> Arguments without a `default_value` are required

If misread, it could be taken to mean that "when defining a function you _must_ define it with at least one argument without a default". Maybe something like the following would be 

> When an argument isn't defined with a `default_value`, it becomes a required argument ...

> The `default_value` is an optional property that you can use to define a default value for a function argument. If no value is provided for that argument, the warehouse uses the specified default. Setting a `default_value` makes the argument optional. This property is supported in [Snowflake](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/developer-guide/udf-stored-procedure-arguments#designating-an-argument-as-optional) and [Postgres](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/sql-createfunction.html). 

Reviewer 2: confirming this is for python and sql too?

Reviewer: Default arguments are supported for both Python and SQL for Snowflake. Postgres only supports default arguments for SQL (but that's because Postgres has no support for Python functions at all) 🙂

> When using this property, note that the order of your argument definitions is important. Arguments without default values should _not_ come after arguments with default values. For example: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you use `default_value`, the order of your arguments matter. Any required arguments (those without default values) have to come before optional ones. Here's an example with the correct order: 
```

<File name='functions/schema.yml'>

```yml
functions:
  - name: sum_2_values
    description: Add two values together
    arguments:
      - name: val1 # this argument comes first because it has no default value
        data_type: integer
        description: The first value
      - name: val2
        data_type: integer
        description: The second value
        default_value: 0 
    returns:
      data_type: integer
```

> In this example:

Author: Added this explanation

- `val1` has no `default_value`, so it’s required.
- `val2` has a `default_value` of `0`, so it’s optional. If you don’t provide a value for `val2`, the function uses `0` instead.

</File>

> 

Reviewer 2: i wonder if we should include an example of what 'calling a function' looks like for sql/python:
e.g for sql it looks like:

```
select sum_2_values(5);        -- val1 = 5, val2 = 0 (default used since user didn't specify 2nd value in the sql call)
select sum_2_values(5, 10);    -- val1 = 5, val2 = 10
select sum_2_values();         -- ❌ error: val1 is required and must be passed
```

Reviewer: The calling of a function should look the same whether the function is using Python or SQL 🙂

Author: Thanks for clarifying, @QMalcolm ! I added a generic example [here](https://docs-getdbt-com-git-defaultvalue-dbt-labs.vercel.app/reference/resource-properties/function-arguments#default_value), could you please review and let me know if it needs changes? Thanks!

Reviewer: Looks good to me 🙂

An optional markdown string describing the argument. This is helpful for documentation purposes.

### default_value

Use the `default_value` property to make a function argument optional.

> - Arguments without a `default_value` are required, and users must pass a value for them when they use the function.

Author: ```suggestion
- When an argument isn't defined with a `default_value`, it becomes a required argument, and you must pass a value for them when you use the function. If a required argument isn’t passed, the function call fails.
```

> - Arguments with a `default_value` are optional &mdash; if a users doesn’t pass a value, the warehouse uses the value you set in `default_value`. If a required argument isn’t passed, the function call fails. 

Author: ```suggestion
- Arguments with a `default_value` are optional &mdash; if you don't pass a value for the argument, the warehouse uses the value you set in `default_value`.
```

An optional markdown string describing the argument. This is helpful for documentation purposes.

### default_value

Use the `default_value` property to make a function argument optional.

> - When an argument isn't defined with a `default_value`, it becomes a required argument, and you must pass a value for them when you use the function. If a required argument isn’t passed, the function call fails.

Author: Revised lines 61 and 62

This property is supported in [Snowflake](https://docs.snowflake.com/en/developer-guide/udf-stored-procedure-arguments#designating-an-argument-as-optional) and [Postgres](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/sql-createfunction.html). 

When you use `default_value`, the order of your arguments matter. Any required arguments (those without default values) have to come before optional ones. Here's an example with the correct order: 

<File name='functions/schema.yml'>

```yml
functions:
  - name: sum_2_values
    description: Add two values together
    arguments:
      - name: val1 # this argument comes first because it has no default value
        data_type: integer
        description: The first value
      - name: val2
        data_type: integer
        description: The second value
        default_value: 0 
    returns:
      data_type: integer
```
</File>

In this example:
- `val1` has no `default_value`, so it’s required.
- `val2` has a `default_value` of `0`, so it’s optional. If you don’t provide a value for `val2`, the function uses `0` instead.

> See the following examples of calling the `sum_2_values` function in SQL and Python:

Author: Added this part
